oh look might you know the coach when he
said that uh you know he was gonna put
me back in cue cups just sort of said
look it's you know I wanted to put me he
wanted to put me back there just to find
my 40 legs get a few games under my belt
and then he felt that you know I was in
a similar position to last year that you
know once I had a few games and the
about and cup I came back and you know
we got you know a lot of quality from me
and you know I had a lot of 40 under my
belt and you know so basically I'm going
back there pushing hard and tournament
you know bring leadership to the game
and like I said you know farm for my 40
40 leagues and I've had a few games here
now in confident and I just enjoying it
and it's been good just waiting for the
corner
some some form of late you know the last
sort of three weeks they've got ones on
the trot and they've been sort of some
tough teams I think they're gonna bring
a lot of mongrel
I've seen them sort of bash up Melbourne
and that's sort of something they'll
strive you know they'll they'll pride
themselves on so they'll come over here
bring a tough game would be interesting
to see though they'll lose a few players
not too sure if they'll back up that's
likely they wouldn't you know that's a
good chance of us to take advantage of
that but yeah I just feel yeah they'll
try and bring a a sort of real physical
game you know if they're a big pack and
you know that's something you know we'll
have to counter
yeah it's an interesting they've had a
you know sort of debutante on the wing
there and Duffy and I sort of mentoring
playing in the centers in be interesting
because they'll be up against some you
know some a form Australian team you
know they've got players in there that
they've picked on form and you know it's
just a few players that are out of
position and the Kiwis but I guess Simon
Marin is playing setter before so he'll
be able to handle himself I'm hoping
that they'll kick on and do well
picking the Kiwis to get over by about
six to eight points but we'll soon we'll
soon find out what key was all the way
1999 Oh
cheeky fellow
- yeah good work
before I'll give that
about a hundred
rugby union
yeah gay the civil fence
two main love it now not really Vinny's
my friend Tivoli two main
go out because I'm still there clearly
45 minutes no way that was when I uh
maybe when I had curls I had to put a
lot of product in there but thirty four
or five minutes
Ericsson Stadium yeah